Master is not good.
The Su family is buying our shares in large quantities.
Isn't this a good thing?
Like this.
Our company's stock will definitely soar.
You guys are such good people.
But, sir.
Like this.
Our family will soon become a major shareholder of our company.
Control will also fall into the hands of the family.
Hey.
That's a problem.
Now I know the trouble.
It's lazy, sir.
So what do we do now?
What else can we do?
This is something I want to stop.
That's fear.
Why not?
We sold all the stock in our hands.
This kid's sick again.
It is not quick to buy back the shares.
And sell shares.
Isn't this like handing over control of the corporation?
Master.
Are you going to give up like that?
What can I do without giving up?
There is no family that has money.
Sooner or later, it will be bought.
It is better to withdraw at the highest level of the stock.
Then I'll take you around the world.
Not fast?
How's this idea of mine?
The wise owner.
This idiot is so stupid, there's no cure.